SYN-5899 - prod deployment info (#1073)
signalfx/integrations: README.md

#### Rollback

In case you do need to rollback, you can do so by running the [rollback Jenkins job](https://ci-qe.corp.signalfx.com/job/integrations-doc-lab-rollback/) which places the previous version of `integrations-docs.js` back in the read bucket.

## Deploying Metrics Finder UI (PROD)

**_NOTE: deploying to prod requires you have deployed to lab/rc first_**

The following steps use the deployment from above to promote to prod.

### Steps

> 1. When you are ready to promote to production use the [prod release Jenkins job](https://ci-qe.corp.signalfx.com/job/integrations-doc-prod-release/) and run it by clicking "Build Now". The job will first copy the existing file to a rollback bucket in order to have a copy of the current version in case there is need to rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When you are ready to promote to production use the [prod release Jenkins job](https://ci-qe.corp.signalfx.com/job/integrations-doc-prod-release/) and run it by clicking **Build Now**. The job will first copy the existing file to a rollback bucket in order to have a copy of the current version in case there is need to rollback.
```

2. The job will then copy the current file used in lab into the prod bucket.

> 3. The job will make sure to invalidate the cdn so the new file is served.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Rollback

> In case you do need to rollback, you can do so by running the [prod rollback Jenkins job](https://ci-qe.corp.signalfx.com/job/integrations-doc-prod-rollback/) which places the previous version of `integrations-docs.js` back in the read bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to rollback, run the [prod rollback Jenkins job](https://ci-qe.corp.signalfx.com/job/integrations-doc-prod-rollback/), which places the previous version of `integrations-docs.js` back in the read bucket.
```
